Brightics Visual Analytics License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE.
BY INSTALLING AND USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE 
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

This is a legal agreement between YOU and Samsung SDS CO., Ltd. This Agreement states the terms and conditions upon which Samsung SDS offers to license the Visual Analytics Software which includes computer software and associated media and printed materials, and may include online or electronic documentation.

The Software is licensed, not sold, to you. You must retain all copyright and related notices of Licensor's ownership and other rights in the Software in the product, labeling and documentation provided. Furthermore, you may not: (a) modify, translate, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise decode the Software; (b) copy any of the Software other than as reasonably required for your own personal use of the Software in accordance with this Agreement; or (c) sublicense, sell, rent, lend, transfer, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make the Software available to anyone else.

In no event will Licensor be liable for any damages, be liable for any damages, including loss of data, lost opportunity or profits, cost of cover or any special, incidental, consequential, direct or indirect damages arising from or relating to the use of the Software, however caused on any theory of liability. This limitation will apply even if Licensor has been advised or given notice of the possibility of such damage. The entire risk to the use of the Software is assumed by the user. 

To the extent permitted by applicable law all Licensor Software, including the images and/or components, is provided “AS IS” and without express or implied warranty of any kind by either Licensor or anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production or delivery of such Software, including but not limited to any implied warranty of merchantability, noninfringement or fitness for a particular purpose. No covenants, warranties or indemnities of any kind are granted by licensor to the user.

All names of products and companies used in this Brightics Visual Analytics LICENSE, the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, or the enclosed documentation may be trademarks of their corresponding owners. Their use in this Brightics Visual Analytics LICENSE is intended to be in compliance with the respective guidelines and licenses.
